# Glossary

Void — a collection of user identities which can be represented as a graph.

Key — a pair of keys (private and public) is generated by the app when a user creates a Void. The private key is stored on the client, kept secret, and used for encrypting and signing user-generated data. The public key can be shared with other users as an identity.

Recovery Phrase — a group of randomly generated words used to recover a Void (after logging out or to sign in to another app).

Identity — technically, an identity is the public key (see Key) which is also represented as an Account ID.

Space — a workspace that is either personal or shared (in the future). Currently, only a personal Space is implemented.

Object — a container for Blocks. Not to be confused with a Block itself.

Object Type — defines what Relations and Blocks are linked to the Object.

Block — a container for actual content.

Block Type — defines the behavior of the Block.

Canvas — the place or area where Blocks live together to form the content of an Object.

Relation — a property of the Object.

Link — a clickable text that leads to the linked Object or website in case the text links to a URL. Also known as a hyperlink. Indicated by a small icon if the link takes you outside Anytype.

Template — defines how the content of the Object should be presented for a specific Object type. Users can define multiple Templates for a single Object type.

Layout — there are three Layouts that define the general look and feel of the Object and determine what actions can be taken for the Object. It could be referred to as Template Type.

Set — a filtered view of Objects that have the same Object Type.

Collection — a manually created group of Objects (can have different Object Types). The closest equivalent is a folder.

Network — a group of Nodes working together.

Node — a remote server that stores and processes data. It can be a coordinator, sync, or file node. See [`any-sync` overview](https://tech.anytype.io/any-sync/overview) for more details.
